[Music]
hi again it's me James Jimmy Kimmel from
my house which is starting to feel like
our house it's still weird working from
home when the show ends I don't go
anywhere I just stand here until the
next one starts but I will say we had an
action figure packed day today there was
a Marvel mystery in our house this
morning so my wife Molly found this in
the living room I hope you can see that
there at spider-man with a coronavirus
mask so she assumed I did this which I
didn't and then she asked our daughter
Jane who was five if she did it she said
she didn't do it and then there was only
one suspect left our son Billy who just
turned 3 this is his toy he admitted he
did it he found a little piece of
wallpaper in Jane's dollhouse and he
pasted it on Spidey's face so if you
think your kids aren't absorbing all of
this that's going on they are I do need
to explain to Billy that Spidey is
already wearing a mask you know put a
mask on a mask it's like wearing two
condoms but I'll wait until he's 40 but
in Mexico City someone came up with a
fun way to keep riders on the train safe
Mexico City doesn't want its public
health campaign to turn into a circus so
it hired professional clowns to spray
the hands of Metro riders with
disinfectant and to tell them wear a
face mask don't be a clown it's great to
see clowns on the subway because if
you're angry they make you laugh and you
wouldn't like him when he's angry boy
between spider-man and the Hulk The
Avengers are really doing their part to
keep the mask effort going even with
everything going on despite all the
warnings about spiking this virus again
as some states begin to ease
stay-at-home restrictions millions of
Americans are eagerly getting back out
there according to the New York Times 25
million more people left their homes
last week than in the six weeks before
it which is nuts I mean even the
munchkins didn't come out of
fighting until the which was pronounced
dead and it's not just the human folk
this happened yesterday in San Jose
goats Stampede in a neighborhood look at
them no masks on just running around you
block them block them you know all this
time we've been afraid of the robots
taking over little did we know we'd have
to contend with goats so hide your tin
cans here's a taste of what life might
be like going forward there's a fine
dining establishment in Virginia a very
fancy restaurant called The Inn at
little Washington that has a plan for
reopening you know the social distancing
will probably mean a lot of empty tables
which isn't great ambience why so the
owner of this restaurant is putting
mannequins in the empty seats to make it
feel full for real it's like a it's a
whole restaurant full of Jared Kushner's
the chef at the restaurant said I've
always had a thing for mannequins really
we never would have guessed that so
finally if you live in the area you can
enjoy a three-star Michelin meal in the
storage room at Westworld yesterday dr.
Anthony foul she warned Congress about
the dangers of opening things up too
soon and today he got a shout-out from
the always incisive brian kilmeade on
Fox and Friends should we also go to
school on the success George is having
should we also go to school on the
success that Florida's experiencing and
South Carolina he even dr. Maui said
that's the model
dr. Maui that's chairman Maui to you
Brian
ouchy forget dr. Maui what I want to
know is about dr. oz what is going on
with his hair for whatever reasons some
of these dopes at foxnews are treating
doctor foul a like he's an enemy in this
tucker carlson last night on his show
question dr. Falchi stance on sending
children back to school now she says the
children must stay home or countless
people will die that's the message it's
not ask a very simple question how does
he know this exactly is Tony foutch he
write about the science do we have any
particular reason to think he is right
well let's see he's the director of the
National Institute of Allergy and
Infectious Diseases
there's that these guys are unbelievable
anyone trusting FoxNews over doctors
right now should only be allowed to see
Tucker Carlson when their stool comes
out red but the president Fox News
viewer number one now says he disagrees
with doctor foul Chi 2 he is ready to
open the schools I think that we have to
open our schools young people are very
little affected by this we have to get
the schools open we have to get our
country open we have to open our country
now we want to do it safely but we also
want to do it as quickly as possible we
can't keep going on like this I mean
you're gonna have though you're having
bedlam already in the streets you can't
you can't do this we have to get it open
well listen in fairness to trump if your
kids came out like Eric and Don junior
you'd want to get schools going again
soon too but what a mess this is Donald
Trump believes he can wish this virus
away he knows more than the doctors
meanwhile Joe Biden is biding his time
at home quietly he's planning to stay
put there for the foreseeable future
he's basically grandpa Joe from Willy
Wonka right now Biden is doing what
they're calling campaigning from home
and it's going well you can see on this
map he has a commanding lead at home a
lot of blue and the living in bedroom
areas toilets those belong to Trump but
by the way why do we need to see the guy
running for president anyway why does he
ever have to leave back when this all
started
unless you lived within walking distance
of a train station you never got to see
the president at all people who voted
for the first 15 presidents probably
didn't even know what they look like
they're just like James Polk that sounds
cute this is a not at all surprising
trend sales of pajamas have skyrocketed
they're up 143 % at sales of pants are
down 13% at this point I don't even
remember why we wore pants where our
legs cold wet pants are now an option
and so I came up with a fun game to play
it's called is Jimmy wearing
that's right the way it works is I'm
going to put five seconds on the clock
and you have to guess if I'm bottomless
okay here we go let's play
[Music]
you have your answer the answer is no I
am not wearing pants I've not worn pants
for a month
Guillermo next week we'll play this with
you alright are you wearing pants right
now yes I'm wearing shorts right now
well that's not pants no I'm not wearing
pants at all okay all right Thank You
Cara all right we're gonna take break we
come back we'll be back with Bill Murray
so stick around Jimmy
[Music]